I admit that I grew up jealous of looks
Have the loyalty that I don't have
I thought about that.
Want to take everything from him
But on us
After all, it's the same blood
I'm his brother
brother
The same blood
Hahahahaha
Hahahaha
Ha ha.
Ah!
Ah, that's enough.
drive
child
Ah, what about the child?
The child is safe.
safety
full
After going through so much, I found
My world can't live without you
That's impossible.
You're going to dawn
That's a lie.
It's all about luring people out
How could I possibly
I don't want you to marry someone else.
good
I Love You
Happy day for the two of you
Don't put a smile on this face
How can there be such a heartless woman?
Whether our company is public or not
You are my wife now
Find me directly if you have anything in the future
You are not allowed to shoot the ball.
Joel
You really don't know anything
Let's go home.
i
I seem to be in love with you too